Note: This prompt relates to the same Terra project that was discussed previously in C:\Projects\terra-origen.

Goal: Add functionality into this project that was previously added (for reference at C\Projects\BiomeToolOld)

The functionality in C\Projects\BiomeToolOld was added with the following prompt:

I want to add functionality to this tool so that the user can have a UI toggle to switch between surface, subsurface, and default presentation.  Currently, the default view renders with a y height of 0, which is quite low to the overall world map (-64<y<320)

When this tool opens it currently shows 3 tabs at the top: "World Preview", "Performance", and "Console".

Below this in the "World Preview" option, there is  "Pack" drop down list, and to the right of this there is an option to "Rerender".

Between "Pack" and "Rerender" I want to add another three-way switch with the option "Subsurface" and "Surface".

If "Surface" is selected, I want the BiomeTool to ignore the main extrusion definition from the preset configuration that the tool pulls loads from each pack folder

Refer to BiomeToolOld to see how this was done if more reference is needed, but the functions were simply updated so that "subsurface" checked biomes in steps, and if it changed fromm the surface level biome (height 300), it would be considered subsurface.

Additional functionality NOT included in C\Projects\BiomeToolOld:

I also want the tool to report the average rate at which it's rendering cells / image blocks per second.  I want this metric to show either in the upper right hand side to the right of the "Biome" label, but it could also appear on the rendering itself with a text overlay).  The metric should be tracked per world render, should pause when no cells / image blocks are being rendered, and should unpause if the view port is changed resulting in the need for new cell / image blocks to render.  The metric must reset whenever a render is refreshed.


The main purpose of this project is to read in pack files and determine how to distribute biomes into a minecraft map.  As an example from "packs/terra_origins/biomes/tropical-rainforest/biome_distribution.yaml":
      tropical-rainforest:
        - tropical-rainforest-flat: 1
        - tropical-rainforest: 1
        - tropical-rainforest: 1
        - tropical-rainforest-highlands: 1

Output needs to be normalized?  Or just take advantage of scalable breakdown?

+ Should output be scale by elevation or temperature first?

